Update changelog for 0.19.1 (#5606)
hashicorp/boundary: CHANGELOG.md

## Next

## 0.19.1 (2025/03/04)
### New and Improved 

* Adds support for Azure Virtual Machine Scale Sets in the Azure plugin
  ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary-plugin-azure/pull/22)).

### Bug fixes

> * Soft-deleted users are now restored on authentication ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/5549)).

Reviewer: I think we can make this a little more descriptive for our users:
```suggestion
* Fixed a bug that would sometimes make users unable to re-authenticate to the client cache after explicitly logging out of the CLI or Desktop Client. ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/5549)).
```
